Come in
President Qín
President Lǐ, the representative of Dì Háo Group
Has arrived in the meeting room
Alright, I understand
Let’s go
Let me help you
Tidy the table a bit
A woman is no less than a man
With President Qín here
I believe
[Dì Háo Group Signing Representative] Our cooperation
[Dì Háo Group Signing Representative] Will surely be pleasant
Of course, President Lǐ
Then let’s sign the contract
Hold on
I’m formally accusing
The CEO of the fashion subsidiary of the group
Qín Ruò Yǔ
Of embezzling public funds
Harming the company’s interests
Young Master Qín
If someone like this
Continues to stay in the group
Holding a senior position
The damage
Won’t just be to the group’s interests
But also to our partners’ interests
Where’s the evidence?
This is the financial report
For the past six months of Qín Shì
Clearly inconsistent
With the signed version in your hands
Qín Ruò Yǔ
Publicly falsifying records
Are you trying to ruin Qín Shì?
Ruò Yǔ
What’s going on?